feat(README): add detailed description of Docker commands (#14)
music-encoding/docker-mei: README.md

| `-it` | Open an interactive shell. |
| `-v` (or `--volume`) | mount a folder from the host as a volume in the Docker container, here the current working directory (`pwd`) gets mounted into `/opt/docker-mei/music-encoding` in the docker container |
| `--name` | (optional) Identify the container with a local name. If not given, Docker generates a random string name. | 
| `ghcr.io/music-encoding/docker-mei:latest` or `docker-mei:local` | The Docker image (latest version) to be used and pulled, wether from a remote registry like ghcr.io or a local build process. |
| `ant -noinput -buildfile music-encoding/build.xml` | Execute ant with the build.xml file of the music-encoding repo. |
| `-Ddocker=true` | A flag to indicate that ant is triggered via Docker. |
| [Building an image] | |
| `docker buildx build` | Builds a Docker image from a Dockerfile. If not specified, the file is assumed to be in the current working directory. |
| `-t` | Allows to specify some name and optional tag for the Docker image to be built, e.g., `docker-mei:local` | 

### Pulling the Docker image

```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/music-encoding/docker-mei:latest
```

> Alternatively, the image will be automatically pulled when you run a docker container via `docker run`.

Reviewer: Maybe, add something that the image will not be automatically updated to the latest version if you have run it before? So it is advisable to run a `docker pull` from time to time.

Author: Good point

> Alternatively, the image will be automatically pulled when you run a docker container via `docker run`.

Author: ```suggestion
Although the image will be automatically pulled when you run a docker container via `docker run`, the image will not be automatically updated to the latest version on subsequent runs. So it is recommended to run the `docker pull` command above from time to time.
```

Author: @bwbohl Like this?

For example, if you start the Docker image from the root folder of your music-encoding repository clone:

```bash

> docker run --rm -v `pwd`:/opt/docker-mei/music-encoding --name docker-mei ghcr.io/music-encoding/docker-mei:latest ant -noinput -buildfile music-encoding/build.xml -Ddocker=true

Author: I was just harmonizing the two occurences. And, at least, ` 'pwd' ` seems to work on Windows.
